Bump to v1.1.1 (#2569)
open-mmlab/mmdetection3d: README.md

**We have renamed the branch `1.1`  to `main` and switched the default branch from `master` to `main`. We encourage
users to migrate to the latest version, though it comes with some cost. Please refer to [Migration Guide](docs/en/migration.md) for more details.**

**v1.1.1** was released in 30/5/2023

> We have constructed a strong LiDAR semantic segmentation benchmark with same data augmentation and training setting on SemanticKITTI, including Cylinder3D, MinkUNet and SPVCNN. Specifically, the improved MinkUNetv2 can achieve 70.3 mIoU on the validation set. We also support the training of BEVFusion and an Occupancy Prediction Network, TPVFomrer, in our projects. More new features about 3D perception are on the way. Please stay tuned!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have constructed a comprehensive LiDAR semantic segmentation benchmark on SemanticKITTI, including Cylinder3D, MinkUNet and SPVCNN methods. Noteworthy, the improved MinkUNetv2 can achieve 70.3 mIoU on the validation set of SemanticKITTI. We have also supported the training of BEVFusion and an occupancy prediction method, TPVFomrer, in our `projects`. More new features about 3D perception are on the way. Please stay tuned!
```
